There are oftentimes that users of
your applications need to be notified when certain events happen.
For example, if a large withdrawal is made from your bank account,
it would be nice to receive a text message.
What if someone from outside of the US
logs into your Netflix account which happened to me by the way.
My receipt of an email alert allowed me to act quickly.
Notifications such as text messages or emails can be sent through services in the Cloud.
The use of the Cloud offers benefits like lower cost,
increase storage, and flexibility.
Through Cloud services, you can send
notifications and even track the life cycle of those notifications.
Messaging is a form of notifications,
but instead of a human as the recipient of the message, an application is.
Messaging typically occurs between Internet-based applications and devices.
One system can send a message to another system.
We will talk more about this concept when we discuss queuing technology.